[DEV-697] Continuous query - new macros (#392)
tryVital/docs: docs/changelog/wearables/api.mdx

import HorizonAIBeta from '/snippets/horizon-ai-beta.mdx';

> ### Continuous Query sleep macros (September 2025)
> 
> Continuous Query now exposes two new Sleep Macros to help you pinpoint when users fall asleep and wake up within a session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Horizon AI Query sleep macros (September 2025)

Horizon AI Query now exposes two new Sleep Macros to help you pinpoint when users fall asleep and wake up within a session.
```

<Accordion icon="moon" iconType="duotone" title="Details" defaultOpen>

> - `asleep_at` returns the sleep session's bedtime start adjusted by the recorded sleep latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `asleep_at` returns the first instance at which the user is considered to be asleep, i.e., session start + sleep latency.
```

> - `awake_at` returns the bedtime start plus the offset of the final non-awake sleep segment, helping you identify the exact moment of the user waking up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `awake_at` returns the time at which the user has stopped sleeping, sans any brief awakening.
```

> Use these macros in the `select` clause of Horizon AI queries to surface consistent bedtime and wake-up timestamps across providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use these macros in the Select clause of Horizon AI queries to surface consistent bedtime and wake-up timestamps across providers.
```
